feat(tracer-py): document new variable DD_SERVICE_MAPPING (#9814)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/python.md

| ---------------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `DD_ENV`                           |             | Set the application’s environment, for example: `prod`, `pre-prod`, `staging`. Learn more about [how to setup your environment][6]. Available in version 0.38+.                                                                                                             |
| `DD_SERVICE`                       |             | The service name to be used for this application. The value is passed through when setting up middleware for web framework integrations like Pylons, Flask, or Django. For tracing without a web integration, it is recommended that you [set the service name in code](#integrations). Available in version 0.38+. |

> | `DD_SERVICE_MAPPING`               |             | Define service name mappings to allow renaming services in traces, e.g. `postgres:postgresql,deafultdb:postgresql`. Available in version 0.47+. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_SERVICE_MAPPING`               |             | Define service name mappings to allow renaming services in traces, for example: `postgres:postgresql,deafultdb:postgresql`. Available in v0.47+. |
```
